README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img width="371" height="58" src="/art/logo.svg" alt="Logo Laravel Jetstream"></p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/laravel/jetstream/actions"><img src="https://github.com/laravel/jetstream/workflows/tests/badge.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
    <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/pushpak/jetstream-inertia-ts"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/pushpak/jetstream-inertia-ts" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
    <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/pushpak/jetstream-inertia-ts"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/pushpak/jetstream-inertia-ts" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
    <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/pushpak/jetstream-inertia-ts"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/pushpak/jetstream-inertia-ts" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## Introduction

This package is a fork of Laravel Jetstream that adds TypeScript support for the Inertia stack. Laravel Jetstream is a beautifully designed application scaffolding for Laravel. Jetstream provides the perfect starting point for your next Laravel application and includes login, registration, email verification, two-factor authentication, session management, API support via [Laravel Sanctum](https://github.com/laravel/sanctum), and optional team management.

Jetstream is designed using [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com) and offers your choice of [Livewire](https://jetstream.laravel.com/stacks/livewire.html) or [Inertia](https://jetstream.laravel.com/stacks/inertia.html) scaffolding. This fork specifically enhances the Inertia stack with TypeScript support.

## TypeScript Support for Inertia

This fork adds full TypeScript support for the Inertia version of Laravel Jetstream. It provides type definitions and ensures that all Inertia components and related files are written in TypeScript, offering improved developer experience and type safety.

## Sync with Laravel Jetstream

This fork is maintained to stay in sync with the official Laravel Jetstream repository. We regularly update our codebase to incorporate the latest changes and improvements from the main Jetstream project, ensuring that you always have access to the most up-to-date features and bug fixes, along with our added TypeScript support for Inertia.


## Official Documentation

Documentation for Jetstream can be found on the [Jetstream website](https://jetstream.laravel.com).

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to Jetstream! You can read the contribution guide [here](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Code of Conduct

In order to ensure that the Laravel community is welcoming to all, please review and abide by the [Code of Conduct](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions#code-of-conduct).

## Security Vulnerabilities

Please review [our security policy](https://github.com/laravel/jetstream/security/policy) on how to report security vulnerabilities.

## License

Laravel Jetstream is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

feat: add inertia-ts support and setup instructions
This commit adds support for inertia-ts and includes setup instructions in the README.md file. The `jetstream:install` command now accepts the `--ts` option to install TypeScript support. More details can be found in the [Jetstream website](https://jetstream.laravel.com/installation.html).

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img width="371" height="58" src="/art/logo.svg" alt="Logo Laravel Jetstream"></p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/laravel/jetstream/actions"><img src="https://github.com/laravel/jetstream/workflows/tests/badge.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
    <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/pushpak/jetstream-inertia-ts"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/pushpak/jetstream-inertia-ts" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
    <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/pushpak/jetstream-inertia-ts"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/pushpak/jetstream-inertia-ts" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
    <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/pushpak/jetstream-inertia-ts"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/pushpak/jetstream-inertia-ts" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## Introduction

This package is a fork of Laravel Jetstream that adds TypeScript support for the Inertia stack. Laravel Jetstream is a beautifully designed application scaffolding for Laravel. Jetstream provides the perfect starting point for your next Laravel application and includes login, registration, email verification, two-factor authentication, session management, API support via [Laravel Sanctum](https://github.com/laravel/sanctum), and optional team management.

Jetstream is designed using [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com) and offers your choice of [Livewire](https://jetstream.laravel.com/stacks/livewire.html) or [Inertia](https://jetstream.laravel.com/stacks/inertia.html) scaffolding. This fork specifically enhances the Inertia stack with TypeScript support.

## TypeScript Support for Inertia

This fork adds full TypeScript support for the Inertia version of Laravel Jetstream. It provides type definitions and ensures that all Inertia components and related files are written in TypeScript, offering improved developer experience and type safety.

## Sync with Laravel Jetstream

This fork is maintained to stay in sync with the official Laravel Jetstream repository. We regularly update our codebase to incorporate the latest changes and improvements from the main Jetstream project, ensuring that you always have access to the most up-to-date features and bug fixes, along with our added TypeScript support for Inertia.

## Setup

```bash
php artisan jetstream:install inertia --ts
```
This package supports all underlying Jetstream options. If you wanto to install TS support just add -ts option. More documentation can be found in the [Jetstream website](https://jetstream.laravel.com/installation.html).

## Official Documentation

Documentation for Jetstream can be found on the [Jetstream website](https://jetstream.laravel.com).

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to Jetstream! You can read the contribution guide [here](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Code of Conduct

In order to ensure that the Laravel community is welcoming to all, please review and abide by the [Code of Conduct](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions#code-of-conduct).

## Security Vulnerabilities

Please review [our security policy](https://github.com/laravel/jetstream/security/policy) on how to report security vulnerabilities.

## License

Laravel Jetstream is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE.md).
